oh okay I can't believe I let you talk
me into buying the stupid gumball
machine looking ring it's not a stupid
gumball machine looking ring it's a
beautiful ring no it's not when I looked
at the other ring I could see Monica's
face when I gave it to her you know and
I could see her saying yes when I look
at this ring all they see is a ring once
I look at it really closely and then I
can see my own eye look this is the most
important thing I'm gonna do in my life
I want to make sure it's perfect okay
there may be a way that we could get the
other ring back because I heard the guy
tell the jeweler where he was gonna
propose so maybe we could get him to
trade rings or something I can't do that
well you certainly can't give her that
stupid gumball ring there he is
okay and he hasn't proposed yet because
she has no ring on her finger oh wow
you're good after this we should solve
crime yeah
okay go go go go okay excuse me sir
could you come with me please you have a
phone call who is it it is your office
do you know who at my office John Oh
John great hi hi okay there was a slight
mix-up the jewelry store the ring you're
about to propose with was supposed to be
held for me so I'm gonna need to have
that back but in exchange I'm willing to
trade you this beautiful more expensive
ring Wow
I would trade it it's beautiful but I'm
gonna use this one now
you'll excuse me no see this is my
fiancee and her heart was set on that
ring you don't want to break her heart
now do you yeah do you want to break a
dying woman's heart you're dying
yes she's dying of a coffee parently yes
and it is my dying wish to have that
ring see if I'm not buried with that
ring then my spirit is going to wander
the netherworld for all okay that's
enough money I don't know let me see the
room great okay here
[Music]
all right thank you thank you thank you
and you are about to marry a wonderful
man
hey I'm marrying a dead woman guys
I've got something important to tell you
guys guys guys I'm gonna ask Monica to
marry me I think we gotta end the
freeze-out wait a minute is this for
real
yeah check out the ring oh my god
so you two are really serious yep pretty
much
you you're gonna get married
um we're gonna be brothers-in-law and
and we're gonna be friends again
what let it water under the bridge
forget okay yeah I'm gonna wait till I
was official you know but I got so
excited I just had to tell you guys cuz
you're my best friend enough I think I'm
gonna cry
no more crying please I just dumped one
cry-baby I'll dump you too I'm ask
Monica to marry me oh my god oh my god
oh so happy I know
[Music]
check out the rock oh nice one and a
half karat easy hey Pheebs
Chandler's gonna ask Monica to marry him
oh I know I hope you got the ring you
told her before you told us well she
walked in while I was looking at the
ring brochures you can understand that
right guys
guys